Minimum qualifications:• Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Computer Science, Statistics, Behavioral Economics, similar field, or equivalent practical experience.• 4 years of experience in risk, or domain focusing on identifying, quantifying and mitigating varied harms.• Experience with SQL and Python.• Experience applying statistics and machine learning to business problems, building datasets, designing/measuring metrics, and data visualization.Preferred qualifications:• Expertise in decision science and creating engaging data visualizations that drive decision-making.• Ability to work in a fast-paced environment and navigate through ambiguity.• Ability to manage and coordinate multiple project assignments simultaneously in a deadline-driven environment, accepting ownership and accountability of the process and delivering on commitments.• Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with the ability to work with a wide variety of departments.About the jobInternal Audit‘s mission is to protect and enable growth across Alphabet, Google and our Bets with objective, practical insights. We do this by monitoring the risk environment across Alphabet and providing insights to enable effective risk management. We work closely with teams and leadership to achieve a strong control environment that enhances and protects organizational value. We serve as one of the company’s various lines of defense for staffing and developing our team to be control experts who deliver objective and reliable results. As a member of the team, you’ll advise the business and engineering groups to identify areas of risk and make valuable recommendations on controls. You’ll have the opportunity to influence change and decisions for business initiatives including product launches and system implementations. You enjoy working in a dynamic environment, are passionate about technology and are able to focus on key issues and the details that come with it.As a member of Internal Audit’s Data Analyst team, you will apply rigorous, data-driven insights and methodologies in working with auditors and cross-functional stakeholders to identify, size and evaluate risk drivers across Alphabet’s diverse range of products. You’ll advise the business on areas of risk and make valuable recommendations on controls. You’ll have the opportunity to influence change and decisions for business initiatives including product launches and system implementations.The name Google came from "googol," a mathematical term for the number 1 followed by 100 zeros. And nobody at Google loves big numbers like the Finance team when providing in depth analysis on all manner of strategic decisions across Google products. From developing forward-thinking analysis to generating management reports to scaling our automated financial processes, the Finance organization is an important partner and advisor to the business.Responsibilities• Work with cross-functional teams including Engineering, Product Management, Operations and Finance to identify and quantify risk, as well as to evaluate controls at scale.• Analyze business, infrastructure and financial data, for a variety of patterns including fraud, brand risk, control breakdown and regulatory non-compliance. Calibrate and convey findings from your work to varied stakeholders.• Develop repeatable methods to ensure consistent results. Develop infrastructure to support analyses and automate audit procedures.• Influence teams towards data-informed decision-making and analytical thinking.